readme.md, before:

# Bolt :zap: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kopepasah/bolt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kopepasah/bolt)

This is a WordPress repo configured to develop locally using [VVV][1] and deploy those changes to your site hosted on the [Pantheon platform][3] using [Travis CI][8].

__Why use this repo in lieu of the Pantheon repo?__
* Currently [Pantheon][3] does not support [Git Submodules][4] for plugins or themes.
* The flow for pushing changes to dev/test/live do not follow a sustainable model for code, due to all three sharing the master branch.

## Installation

:exclamation: Installation assumes you are already up and running with [VVV][1]. If not already up and running with [VVV][1], you should start [here][2] and come back later.

0. Clone this repo recursively (`git clone --recursive`) into the `www` directory of [VVV][1].
0. Run `vagrant reload --provision` (or `vagrant up --provision` if the Vagrant is not currently running).
 * NOTE: This repo is not set up to auto update the hosts file. To auto update add `bolt.local` to your `vvv-hosts` file ([more information][7]).
0. Visit [bolt.local](http://bolt.local) in your browser.
 * Username: `admin`
 * Password: `password`

## Workflow

Workflow for development follows the [Github Flow][5], with any new features branching off of `master`. See _Workflow Example_ section in [contributing.md](contributing.md) for more information.

Workflow for content (database) and deploys (code) follow the [Pantheon Flow][6].

## Deploy

:exclamation: Deploys require a [Travis CI Pro][9] account.

Any changes merged into `master` and `develop` branches will trigger a deploy script on Travis. In order for this script to run properly, you need to perform a few one-time setup steps.

0. Add your Pantheon site repo ssh clone URL as `PANTHEON_SITE` environment variable.
0. Add your Pantheon site repo ssh clone URL host to the `ssh_known_hosts` section.
 * Looks something like git clone `codeserver.dev.XXXX-XXXX-XXXX.drush.in:2222`
0. Use [Travis CI Client][10] to create new [User Key][11] for the site.
 * TIP: Save this key locally to a file, generate the public key and securely delete the private key.
0. Add the public key to your Pantheon SSH keys.

[1]: https://github.com/Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV
[2]: https://github.com/Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV#the-first-vagrant-up
[3]: https://www.getpantheon.com
[4]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules
[5]: https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/
[6]: https://pantheon.io/docs/pantheon-workflow/
[7]: https://github.com/Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV/wiki/Auto-site-Setup#the-domains-for-your-site
[8]: http://travis-ci.org
[9]: http://travis-ci.com
[10]: https://github.com/travis-ci/travis.rb
[11]: https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/private-dependencies/#User-Key

Commit message:

Add setup script for projects.

readme.md, after:

# Bolt :zap: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kopepasah/bolt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kopepasah/bolt)

This is a WordPress scaffolding repo configured to setup sites to develop locally using [VVV][1] and deploy those changes to your site hosted on the [Pantheon platform][3] using [Travis CI][8].

__Why use this repo in lieu of the Pantheon repo?__
* Currently [Pantheon][3] does not support [Git Submodules][4] for plugins or themes.
* The flow for pushing changes to dev/test/live do not follow a sustainable model for code, due to all three sharing the master branch.

## Create New Site

Creating a new site is easy, by running `grunt init:project` to start the initilization process.

## Workflow

Workflow for development follows the [Github Flow][5], with any new features branching off of `master`. See _Workflow Example_ section in [contributing.md](contributing.md) for more information.

Workflow for content (database) and deploys (code) follow the [Pantheon Flow][6].

[1]: https://github.com/Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV
[2]: https://github.com/Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV#the-first-vagrant-up
[3]: https://www.getpantheon.com
[4]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules
[5]: https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/
[6]: https://pantheon.io/docs/pantheon-workflow/
[7]: https://github.com/Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV/wiki/Auto-site-Setup#the-domains-for-your-site
[8]: http://travis-ci.org
